Intro to css values (#44937)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/font-variant/index.md

### Values

> This property is specified as a space-separated list of keyword values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as a space-separated list of the following values:
```
